README.md, before:

repDNA
======


repDNA is a Python package to generate various modes of feature vectors for DNA sequences by incorporating user-defined physicochemical properties and sequence-order effects.

This repDNA package is open source software made available under GPL license. Please see the LICENSE file for further details.


Important links
===============

- Home-page: http://bioinformatics.hitsz.edu.cn/repDNA/
- Official source code repo: https://github.com/liufule12/repDNA
- Download releases: http://bioinformatics.hitsz.edu.cn/repDNA/download
- Supplementary (manual and example): http://bioinformatics.hitsz.edu.cn/repDNA/supplementary
- Issue tracker: https://github.com/liufule12/repDNA/issues
- Citation: http://bioinformatics.hitsz.edu.cn/repDNA/citation


Python Requirements
===================

The repDNA was tested to work under Python 2.7, 3.3 and 3.4 on Windows, Mac and Linux.


Installation
============

If the user had installed **pip** (A tool for installing and managing Python packages), just type:

`pip install repDNA`

Otherwise, download and unzip the repDNA package, go to the directory, and type:

`python setup.py install`

or

`sudo python setup.py install`

Commit message:

add news and note info.

README.md, after:

repDNA
======


**Note**: This is development version, if you want to get the stable version, please go to the [home-page](http://bioinformatics.hitsz.edu.cn/repDNA/).

repDNA is a Python package to generate various modes of feature vectors for DNA sequences by incorporating user-defined physicochemical properties and sequence-order effects.

This repDNA package is open source software made available under GPL license. Please see the LICENSE file for further details.


Important links
===============

- Home-page: http://bioinformatics.hitsz.edu.cn/repDNA/
- Official source code repo: https://github.com/liufule12/repDNA
- Download releases: http://bioinformatics.hitsz.edu.cn/repDNA/download
- Supplementary (manual and example): http://bioinformatics.hitsz.edu.cn/repDNA/supplementary
- Issue tracker: https://github.com/liufule12/repDNA/issues
- Citation: http://bioinformatics.hitsz.edu.cn/repDNA/citation


Python Requirements
===================

The repDNA was tested to work under Python 2.7, 3.3 and 3.4 on Windows, Mac and Linux.


Installation
============

If the user had installed **pip** (A tool for installing and managing Python packages), just type:

`pip install repDNA`

Otherwise, download and unzip the repDNA package, go to the directory, and type:

`python setup.py install`

or

`sudo python setup.py install`
